*/* linguas.conf
app-text/asciidoc python-2.7.conf python-single-2.7.conf
app-emulation/wine-staging ccache.conf
dev-qt/qtwebkit ccache.conf
dev-python/PyQt5 ccache.conf
dev-qt/qtwebengine ccache.conf
games-fps/gzdoom ccache.conf
media-libs/mesa ccache.conf
app-office/libreoffice ccache.conf
sys-devel/llvm ccache.conf
sys-devel/clang ccache.conf
sys-apps/systemd ccache.conf
media-video/ffmpeg ccache.conf
net-libs/webkit-gtk ccache.conf
sys-apps/systemd ccache.conf
sys-devel/clang ccache.conf
x11-libs/wxGTK ccache.conf
x11-drivers/nvidia-drivers ccache.conf
media-video/mkvtoolnix ccache.conf
net-libs/nodejs ccache.conf
games-emulation/pcsx2 ccache.conf
games-util/qcma ccache.conf
